At the end of August, I moved from London to a small town in Quebec, Canada, called Matane, to work as an English language teaching assistant. Patience is a word that has appeared in manv forms over the past two months.

<details>
	<summary>中文翻译</summary> 
	8月底,我从伦敦搬到加拿大魁北克一个叫作马塔讷的小镇做英语语言助教。在过去的两个月里,耐心这个词以多种形式出现了
</details>

I don't see myself as being the most patient person in the world, but there was something that shocked me during my nrst week of work. I had just finished a discussion with two students and as they were leaving the classroom, one of the students turned back and said, "Thank you for your patience. " That was an early reminder of the importance of being patient as a teacher. Moreover, it helped me to realize the importance of showing patience in the class, for it can be the difference between building someone's confidence in aelyBeing patient as a teacher means understanding students.

It is not easy to live my life constantly in French but the people of Quebec are very patient. They repeat saying several times and they are more than happy to wait while I find the correct words to express myself. It's a learning process but with the patience of others, the process is slightly less terrifying. Making mistakes shows you are trying and I think this is greatly appreciated by Quebeckers.

When I first arrived in Matane, I had to concentrate all the time due to the language and that gave me a headache. I had to keep reminding myself that it would take time. Now the headaches have been a distant memory and listening to French has become habitual for me in this environment filled with Quebeckers' accent. The key is to be patient with yourself. There is no short cut to learning a language, but the result will be worth the effort in the end.

